I will play the game this is drawn here
with one of the funniest glitches I've
ever seen that happened to me back in
the destiny beta so I was playing a game
of crucible with my friends when I got
disconnected the apt and I rejoined the
game and went huh something seems a
little strange here where are all the
players and the flags and everything
because what happened is that me and one
of my other friends when we were
reconnecting entered this sort of
different dimension or something were
we're on the map but we can't see
anything not even each other we can
still capture points we can still
influence the game but we can't see
anyone else it's a goose time but the
other players on the other hand they
could still see us and here I was just
walking around to capture point a sprain
my gun wildly to see if I could hit
anyone and the entire enemy team were
trying to kill me but I was literally
invincible they couldn't hurt me in any
way and here's my friends perspective
because he gets comes into a and kills
everyone because they're so fixated on
me but i'm guess this invincible Titan
walking around sprained like a madman
but they can't touch me and I have no
idea what's going on because I can't see
anything I'm just in this empty mapped
myself but I can still capture the fly
and get the points from it this is
fitted for my friend Adam he was having
this glitch too and he was just throwing
the grenades out at sea and actually
managed to kill someone so we could
still influence the game but we can see
anyone but they could see us but they
couldn't touch us they couldn't damage
us and it's it gets that's a stupid
that's because we were in this go Stein
everything was happening around as
people were screaming people being shot
out you know if there's a normal game of
crucible but we couldn't see anything
and we were just standing there with
everyone on the enemy team attacking us
like madmen
and in the end the enemy team gusta gave
up because we were just dancing in the
middle of the flags that they couldn't
touch us and they assumed we were
hacking or something and probably
reported us and left and we want so a
bit unfair definitely but it was only
the beta so he really cares and then
after everyone left this is the really
weird bit there was an explosion and
just like that poof everything was there
again we could see the other players
only it was just starting because
everyone else had raged credit and it
gets one of the most bizarre glitters
I've ever seen in a game because why did
that even happen how did we beyond sort
of like three different maps were where
you guys see nothing and then they can
see us but I guess I just can't even
begin to imagine how this could happen
but it did and hopefully bungee knows
avoid the Sun could remove it before the
full game because that would be pretty
broken if you could just join a game
like that and be invincible and guess
capture points and the like but
hopefully it was just a one-off Thunder
it was just hilarious so the spinner oh
and I hope you enjoyed this video as
much as I did and if you did feel free
to leave a like and subscribe to play
the game sound role for more destiny
coverage when the full version comes out
of course thank you very much for
watching and goodbye